FAQ revision -- missed suggestion (#210)
risc0/website: docs/faq.md

The RISC-V circuit receives an ELF binary file as a public input and private inputs from the host; the output of the RISC-V circuit is a receipt.

> The recursion circuit is specialized to verify RISC Zero receipts; this circuit is used in order to compress many RISC Zero receipts into a single receipt. 

Reviewer: Oh, I think what happened is I typo'd my suggestion. What I meant to suggest was
```suggestion
The recursion circuit is specialized to prove the verification of RISC Zero receipts; this circuit is used in order to compress many RISC Zero receipts into a single receipt. 
```
(missing "of").

What you have in this PR is also reasonable, could go either way.
